Bai Zhenhai lost so much this time
He must want to make a fortune
Brother, help me spread the news
Say this land is valuable
When you get it, you can double it several times if you sell it.
Find a way to let Bai Shenhai take this land
The value of that land
Bai Zhenhai must go bankrupt
Including all kinds of loans to barely buy a house
But that land has requirements
Construction must start one month after the auction
And cannot be bought or sold for 5 years
Nor can it be used as a bank mortgage
The White Bank will definitely get him back by then
Just to let him take this land
In order to seize this land
Probably take out all the equity
I want to buy it at a low price and give it to Grandma Bai.
Is he still not answering your call?
Turn it off, this damn girl is too much
Anyway, this is still in the news.
Otherwise, not only will Yaoyao's reputation be destroyed
The words of our Bai family will also be destroyed
Mom, this is all my fault
If I hadn't come back to this house
You must still be living a life of fine clothes and jade food
It's all my fault
Put it in this house
I'm sorry, I'm really sorry.
Silly boy, you are our flesh and blood
Eating out for 20 years
Already suffered a lot
How can mom and dad blame you?
This also loves
Yaoyao remember
In the future, you must not take things that are not your own.
Forget me remember this lesson
We'll go to your grandma for help later
If it really doesn't work
We'll just sell a few properties for tens of millions
It can still be collected.
Just give him the money in euros
I won't pursue it anymore.
This matter can be turned over soon
Nor will it reach the ears of the whole country
Make them an after-dinner joke
It's just the lamb thing
I can no longer rely on it for the time being